sky
the visor is completely made within the new humanity
yes starting from the molding with
lexan polycarbonate also among the best on the market
if it is injection molded in our injection presses
then it is heated 300 degrees
injected into the mold
there are also different colors of the elixir
effect depends on the material that will be used for the molding
we don't take it directly burned by a supplier because this
from a greater guarantee of quality continuity
over time
after the molding the desired are treated anti-scratch
and because the polycarbonate does not exist validated therefore they are inserted in the
our TV system after several nice washes with water and detergent
they are dried
and then they go go into a milk bath polysiloxanes piquè confer this
scratch proof probet to the designed
so they come presents in this
this is jerky so then -7 is then fired
as they eventually lower the paint into the oven for an hour and we are
proceeding these
the water
stilnova polytheist accessory system is essential to remedy the
problem of the myth fame of the visor was developed on the competition fields
with our frico processing for our pilots
and is basically a small glass of hours
if the biological material proved the strongest
it must be applied inside the coast
wallpaper -.- assure me the perfect visor seal
the best device on the market
although they exist also
the other mobile latitudes similar visions
at the end of the treatment we must package the visor
is ready to be assembled assembles the dispatch. came to how it was wild
for this a
common stone that initial fb d action with an approval number is
a total number
after which it is breamed you are inserted of the small worms that serve
to host in English
amplify away
key at the end text was then
remember them given a protective film
ready to be mounted on the helmet
photo
sky sport